COPYRIGHT STATEMENT
This Mod, Daily Needs Survival Kit - Survival Needs for Space
, previously known as Daily Needs Mk4a - True Survival Needs in Space,

( to be referred to herein as "the mod" or "this mod" )

is Copyright © 2018-2019

General Summary of Statement of Copyright.

A full document of all items under this Copyright and its details and official list of Authors and Contributors
 is held by the law firm McDermidt Lamarche, Barristers and Solicitors, Saskatoon, Sk, Canada ( North American 
Copyright ) and the law firm Gurtz - Helms and Hister, Frankfurt, Germany ( International Copyright ).

In Summary;

The core code, assembly, and structure of this mod, including but not limited to the coding and new model content,
 are the property of "Stollie" and "Skallabjorn". Content within this mod from the original mod on which its 
concept is based are property of their original creators and not claimed by "Stolie" or "Skallabjorn". Any content
 from within the Space Engineers game itself used in this mod remains the property of Keen Software House and is 
not claimed.

This mod may only be posted on the Steam Space Engineers Workshop ( or in any other data holding repository that 
may be contracted to support Space Engineers ) by its Original Creators and Official Contributors, and may not in
 whole or part be republished in public, or private, nor used in any other way.

Permission is freely granted to all players of Space Engineers to use this mod in game with no alterations to its
 published form. No altered form of this mod may be used in game in any circumstance except by its Creators and 
Official Contributors.

Keen Software House is expressly forbidden to use this mod or any of its claimed content, in its current or any
 altered form, in Keen's published games or products without express permission from and compensation to ALL this
 mod's Authors and Official Contributors, past and present.

All rights will be enforced without prejudice to the furthest extent possible under the law.